- 25% of TInder. Is Tinder getting the best auditory, the cheapest one and payable one?
- Quality over quantity.


- Tinder has collected the most juicy target audience (cheapest + payment + available) ?
- Quality over Quantity.
Tinder collects people under the slogan "quickly".
We gather people under the slogan "Quality".
Which of these audiences brings more profit is an open question.
//We collect a higher quality audience, payment method 


QA:

- Are we "Tinder" or same to it?
- No. We are in a sense anti-tinder.
Tinder puts outer looks first.
We put the inner world first.
We are the same in our goal to connect the people. We are totally different in our way to do it.
<!--- No, by 2 reasons: <br> -->
<!--1. "LinkedIn" user should "manually" manage his space. -->
<!--We are different from all kinds of existing the networks.-->


- Are we "LinkedIn" or same to it?
- No, "LinkedIn" misses all valuable meta-information of the user, he knows nothing about a user mindset.
It can tell you is someone experienced enough, but it never will not answer is you looking the same.


- Are you exactly social network or dating service?
- Exactly, 50/50! We are the service that can connect people by their mindset.
What we can with it is secondary question.
//We can archive both these goals with it.
We will do analyzing of user behavior to answer on this question more precisely.


- Why you at times calling you social network or dating service?
- Like 20 years ago, there is no (yet) a special word / term to describe what we're doing.
Well, I'm using the word that more (precisely ?*) suitable for that special case (depending on our characteristics?*).

A note about terms and tech side:
In words of terms, dating service and social network are interchangeable.
Any dating service has option to find friends rather than a partner.
Any social network may serve to dating goal.
Practically, dating service is special case of social network with concrete goal.


How to use the app:

1. Like the posts what you are liking.
2. Open the result tab with people that has similar mindset with you (or vice versa, the different).
3. Explore and choose the people that are looks cool for you.
4. Enjoy! You can speak with them about any posts that you both liked or not

Monetization:
Personal data of user preferences (posts that he's liking?*), got directly from him,
giving us a great abilities for monetization.

Paid personal functionality.
Target ads based on algorithm result.
Subscription to extended options,
Personal ads by markets.


Ability 1:
Paid personal functionality.
Broad set of functionality allows us data
Some special sorts (cases?*) requires more calculation and has the highest cost.
It's honest to get back money from the user for it.
For example: The user want to get people in backward order (from lowest to highest mindset correspondence).
It's demands additional calculations and will be provided as paid functionality.

Example of paid functionality:
1. Backward order of result (people comes from lowest to highest mindset correspondence).
2. Posts creation. Posts made by service editor, but user may buy ability to create self posts.
3. User defined match range. People will get matches only in set range, 40%-60%, > 90% or any other ranges.
4. Get specialized set of people that may be interested to user, made by extended set of analytic tools.

Example of personal and target ad:
1. Post with a good that similar to already liked good by a user.
2. Post from well known brands. It may be "Dior" perfume or "Domino's" pizza.
3. Post wil local places or events. It may be a new opened restaurant or rock concert.


Subscription with extended options.
This is profit model of most dating services.
Examples of personal and target ad:
1. Post with a good that similar to already liked good by a user.
2. Post from well known brands. It may be "Dior" perfume or "Domino's" pizza.
3. Post wil local places or events. It may be a new opened restaurant or rock concert.
4. Post with a user that want to become more popular (That approach (model ?*) similar to regular dating services).


Every action from this list requiring extended calculation.
(Moreover, we can set any price for additional calculation to a users like "Amazon" does it ?*)
It's only a functions that we are already predicts.



We can provide a flex profit model:

How we behave:
We're taking existing model of social networks / dating services and breaking a great contradiction.

- Why current dating services don't meet the demand?
- The heart of a regular dating service is total contradiction.
He has to get the client for X money and get from him 2X money.
At the moment when the client gets what he wants, finds a friend, soul mate or a partner, he's leaving the platform.
The service will never to lose a client who pays, the client will never to get what he is findings for.
We are solved this fundamental contradiction (here link)


ADDED:


1.
- Why we are reminiscent to google?
We have the similar algorithm, google meet for sites, we meet for people.
The very base and very first google algorithm was doing the next:
Other search engines ("Yahoo", "AltaVista", etc) was giving result by count of target words on the site page.
Google starts to give result by count of target links. Goog sites has more links that leads to them.
Other "Search people engines" giving result by count of target words in the user biography.
Rubik starts to give result by count of target posts. Goog matching people has more matched posts that leads only to them.


2.
- Why we are reminiscent to asymmetric cryptography encryption?
- The heart of asymmetric encryption is an idea that we can't do something to be 100% endless in universe,
but we doing it so long that it's 100% enough for our whole life.
We are used the same idea. Dating services paradox of X and 2X can't be solved endless for 100%.
But we're doing that for so long that enough for whole human life.


3.
(- Why current dating services are not working?*)
- Why people wants one more dating service?
- Current dating services are not working. This is proven by their quantity and sameness.
If at least 1 of them worked, he would fill the entire niche.
This is reminiscent of the abundance of forums before the coming of social networks.


4.
- How did you solve this great contradiction?
?



- Who is yor target audience?

- Our target audience is people who want to get result with another point between quantity and quality.
(
- people who want to get matches and connections, proved by some metric.
- people who want to get matches and connections, proved by some metric.
- people who want to get matches and connections with some metric proof
- people who want to get not so trash matches and connections as it exists now.
There are point between)


- Why we are ultimately better than all other dating services?
Other dating services able to provide result with only strictly limited quantity-quality point.
We can produce result with any quantity-quality point.


# NOT ADDED:
- How did you solve the contradiction of "X and 2X" of dating services?
- Three points:

1. We combined dating service and social network.
Now if user will get what he wants, let's say the soul-mate - he is still interested in two other goals:
find a new friends, find a new partners. Because of these 3 things consist our life. Soul-mate, friends, partners.
At least two of them we always want to find new.

2. If user will leave the platform - he will miss a quality of his personal grid.
Because the quality of grid increase every day. Missed days can't be restored.
Moreover, every day has his own exclusive value for every user.
The wish to get rarely personal exclusive value will attract user at least open the platform once a day.

3. We can control how fast user will find a new friends, partners, soul-mate.
Because getting too many friends, partners or soul-mates will decrease the valuable of these important things in the life.
We are appreciate and loving these things and will try to balance between quality and quantity.
This flow becomes endless just like a life of man. friends and build the personal grid around itself.
Every person always interesting in We know how to remain regular customers even after X's point of view when he finds partner.
We stretched the process, smoothed out sharp corners, and made it endless.